issue-2100: [sonataflow] serverless-workflow-oauth2-orchestration-quarkus example updates (#2101)
apache/incubator-kie-kogito-examples: serverless-workflow-examples/serverless-workflow-oauth2-orchestration-quarkus/acme-financial-service/README.md

# SonataFlow - Acme Financial Service

## Description

> This project contains a simple quarkus application that implements the `Acme Financial Service` referred in the SonataFlow guide: [Orchestration of third-party services using OAuth 2.0 authentication](https://github.com/wmedvede/kogito-docs/blob/main/serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/security/orchestrating-third-party-services-with-oauth2.adoc)

Reviewer: is this link useful as far as it's empty? Perhaps should it point to this?
```suggestion
This project contains a simple quarkus application that implements the `Acme Financial Service` referred in the SonataFlow guide: [Orchestration of third-party services using OAuth 2.0 authentication](https://sonataflow.org/serverlessworkflow/latest/security/orchestrating-third-party-services-with-oauth2.html)
```
